MTG Treasure Project Proposal

1. What goal will your website be designed to achieve?
    My website will be designed so that players can log their Magic cards, and more easily make decks from their cards using search and filter features. Users will also be able to see cards they do not own to add to a wishlist, and can see other users' decks and favorite them. 

2. What kind of users will visit your site? In other words, what is the demographic of your users?
    Magic: The Gathering players who want to stay organized and create decks more strategically. 

3. What data do you plan on using? You may have not picked your actual API yet, which is fine, just outline what kind of data you would like it to contain.
    MTG API - includes data about cards and sets. They have a Python SDK that I intend to use. 

4. In brief, outline your approach to creating your project (knowing that you may not know everything in advance and that these details might change later). Answer questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information:
    a. What does your database schema look like?
        My database schema will have tables for users (username, encrypted password, email address), decks they make/like (name, description, format, list of cards, date created, etc), 
    b. What kinds of issues might you run into with your API?
        There might be limitations on how you can query the API. I'm sure some cards are commonly misspelled so a user might have trouble finding it.
    c. Is there any sensitive information you need to secure?
        Passwords
    d. What functionality will your app include?
        Searching and filtering cards, decks can have sideboards and scratchpads. Can indicate if a deck is created or just an idea. Front page will show off new card sets. Add cards to wishlists. Like decks of other users. Deck stats: mana curve, creature/spell ratio, etc.
    e.  What will the user flow look like?
        I don't know what this means.
    f. What features make your site more than CRUD? Do you have any stretch goals?
        Decks will show stats that can be useful to users: mana curve, creature/spell/land ratios, etc. 
        One stretch goal could be to import cards from a csv file.

